#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
    # via kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via openedx-events
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   kombu
    # via celery
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
    # via celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.5.3
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-when
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via openedx-events
edx-django-utils==5.14.2
    # via
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-when
edx-i18n-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-when
    #   openedx-events
edx-rest-api-client==5.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via event-tracking
edx-when==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
event-tracking==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via openedx-events
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
fs==2.4.16
    # via xblock
httmock==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
    # via celery
lxml[html-clean,html_clean]==5.2.2
    # via
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   xblock
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via lxml
mako==1.3.5
    # via xblock
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==9.11.0
    # via edx-django-utils
openedx-events==9.10.0
    # via event-tracking
packaging==24.1
    # via pytest
path==16.14.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   celery
    #   freezegun
    #   xblock
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   event-tracking
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   responses
    #   xblock
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   httmock
    #   responses
    #   slumber
responses==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
rules==3.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via xblock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via edx-rest-api-client
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   responses
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via xblock
webob==1.8.7
    # via xblock
xblock==4.0.1
    # via edx-when

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
